to the Bush administration Iraqi Prime
Minister Nouri al-maliki is insistent
that all foreign soldiers leave the
country by the end of 2011 all right
what are they hey I'll tell you what you
re good yeah if you'd like us to leave
now we could be course definitely Sunnis
will have your head you'll look like
Mussolini in a public square in Italy in
about 1500 leave now if you like you
don't give a damn it's your neck not on
us to move the capital of Iraq to Geneva
yeah I think the Rockies Jill what's
that oh oh I know what's best for know
that now they want us to leave then but
we ought to stay because we want about
their civil war yeah you know what baby
if they want us to leave let's get the
hell out start spending the money on
American I think some of the soldiers
they're on repeat tours of duty would
like to come complaints from me now it's
the Iraqis you were just like our allies
in Europe that bitch and whine about us
being in Iraq but the second one quietly
telling me going to start getting out of
there they start whipping oh not yet
you know you how could you want to face
here maybe something different let's
tell them we're getting out of there
instead of mocking and ridiculing
anybody who comes up with that idea as
the Republican Party has been doing
shusui what you're talking about I
started this by saying if they want us
out of a rock let's get out of a rock
I'm dead serious
well tell that to the McCain campaign
tell that to the White House which mocks
anybody who comes up with the idea that
oh maybe we should have a timetable
maybe we should call the Iraqis Bluff
and do exactly what gesture have you are
you rip fan Shuster have you been
sleeping for the past couple months they
have been talking about a timeline to
get out of Iraq 2011 I believe it is all
I'm saying here is if they want us to
leave earlier we will gladly leave make
it right and you know what just because
I say malachy will be killed in 15
minutes doesn't mean I care whether he
gets killed by that by that now oh my
gosh cast exactly seriously I don't know
why I'm being attacked by saying you
never want to send the troops up why are
you so hateful why do you want to keep
American troops in Iraq even longer
david shuster
Joe your party the Republican Party by
their fire on oh just stop right now put
a timeout right there because if you
would like to get the transcripts
everything that I have said since 2004 I
will gladly get them to you and I will
let you know that quote my party my
party it loathes me much more than your
party the Democratic Party loathes me
well that's a whole nother issue but the
fact it said you're parking but what
let's the part of whatever think on what
about your repeatedly suggested your
party okay buddy has are all of a second
making the point even what's your party
but I have no party on them oh you're
nothing oh you're independent just like
always I don't know my vote is hard I'll
show you how I registered late 9s a
second oh I feel so collected by the
fact that you're an independent why I
bet everybody to MSNBC has independent
on their voting cards oh we're doing it
all now let him go ahead David
no no David go ahead so anyway it was a
pendant a but go ahead but talk about my
party gun go ahead you know no I'm not
done with the fact is that I am about is
down the middle as anybody on television
on any network Joe why don't we watch a
shot in on the calling up your party Joe
why don't you call up the McCain
campaign instead of making these points
and I look I agree we call off the
McCain Nicole called the McCain campaign
on this card why don't you say to the
McCain campaign the next time we're on
the show you guys should take up their
offer Iraq wants us out of there call
their bluff instead of ridiculing gay
like yourself why what Naidu you never
watch this show do you never watch this
show we attack McCain all the time we
did it 15 minutes ago for using his POWs
status well the next time a McCain's
folks from my Tucker bounds or Senator
McCain comes on I want to be right here
when you say to John McCain you know
what when you ridicule people all when
you're ridiculing people who are calling
for a timetable John McCain you are
wrong you ought to call their bluff
that's on cities never watch the show
he's on this show I know I know you must
be a slow that's right you usually sleep
through this show because you didn't
show up three times in a row Oh three
times
let from your wall tonight not came on
this show okay because it's all works
that's how the argument works you know
the thing yet now anything is every time
McCain's people come on
we call them on everything they're doing
whether it then you have the opportunity
ten minutes ago when you started this
argument instead of bashing the Iraqi
Prime Minister and saying your heads
getting up like muscle like McCain's
campaign is wrong when they Nadi here
think that I was bashing him or did they
think that I wanted US troops to come
home and if the Iraqi people don't join
us there now just do one point okay come
on
hey willing from saying have we not been
saying anytime they want us to come home
we want to come home
yes did you're supposed to go yes I mad
you did try that yes I it's not as
simple as that
final point you can have the last word
the final point is it's very different
to say yes we ought to take up the
Iraqis on their word and at the same
time say you know what when John McCain
ridicules that very point he is wrong
and if you want to say right now we can
have this argument when John McCain
ridicules the point that we got to take
up the Iraq as where to get out of Iraq
heat any ridicules that he is wrong you
can say that right now and that's that's
the end of this well actually you're
trying to pick a fight with somebody
that wasn't fighting with you as a guy
well you can handle fight you can win
the fight by saying John McCain is wrong
go ahead said John McCain is wrong when
he ridicules people who call for a
timetable why am i where am I am I on
crossfire I thought if I canceled that
show if John McCain is John okay John
McCain's wrong for blah blah blah
whatever you said we're not on opposite
sides here I get unfortunately I come
from an area where there are too many
wives that go to bed every night alone
and kids who have to go to school too
many times in the morning without a dad
kissing them goodbye because they're in
Iraq are the Internet
and again they do it day after day and
they've got to go through their lives
they've got it I know too many people
that built up small businesses that
wanted to serve this country the
National Guard that serve this country
but now their businesses are destroyed
because they have been in Iraq for so
long so I'm serious when I say if they
don't want us there I don't want to be
there I complain about a 500 billion
dollar deficit if they don't want to
spending money in Iraq I will guarantee
you I would much rather spend it here
and I know our next guest agrees with
the I'm an NBC News chief White House
correspondent in a host of MSNBC's race
for the White House
David Gregory David David I will show
you know the model that my earpiece
wasn't working I heard a lot I heard a
lot going on I couldn't hear what was
said there was there a conversation
about saying I I don't know I we were we
were in the middle of the news and
suddenly somebody got into some bad acid
at the protests and this conversation
turned to terribly wrong
so David last night you had the
Democrats coming together very positive
you had of course Ted Kennedy and
Michelle